fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/events/artist-placement-group-basekamp-apexart.md

title: Artist Placement Group (@ Basekamp & Apexart)
images:
  - src: apg.jpg
    alt: Historical photograph of Artist Placement Group panel discussion with five people seated at table with "apg" text visible on wall behind them
  - src: slide19.jpg
    alt: Overhead view of presentation or workshop setup with people seated at tables, central desk with equipment, and video cameras on tripods
  - src: slide40.jpg

>     alt: Wide panoramic photograph showing two conference tables with approximately 15 participants seated for discussion, posters on walls including one labeled "COM-COM" with photos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Composite of two photos, each depicting a different group of people seated for panel discussion. First photo has a large earth poster in the background. Second photo contains a poster labeled "COM-COM" with photos underneath.
```
